welcome to fan fest I'm here in Colorado
Springs at the biggest party of the year
it's right before the big race and this
is where all the cars are i'm going to
give you all the details coming up next
you
meet the I mean it's an electric car by
Mitsubishi Jack this year there are
seven electric cars racing up Pikes Peak
including monster tajima who has a
course record are you cooking noodles we
are using the IBM which is an electric
vehicle from its features whandall
energy to the power box over here home
that is plugged into this water will you
roam loose or making Japanese noodles
for everybody yes so it's delicious and
green
all right there's something you won't
see every day the Scion fr-s convertible
will this be a production car I doubt it
but it's way cool things that make
spikes paint such a fun races it's not
just cars it's also motorcycles and this
year Ducatis brought to multiply stratas
you see how fast I can get up about a
very interesting race for us and we've
started a few years ago we came who is a
small participation we sponsor is one
team and then we discovered that it was
very exciting race and so we came back
the year after with more official team
and now it's becoming a becoming even
more important for us because we have
the bike you know that two years ago we
gave the Pacific name to one of our
bikes so it's been a lot for us to come
here race when you team you've got a
six-time champion and the course record
holder right yeah yeah we have we have
very good riders they like they like to
ride with you getting in general in this
in racing the writers delight the brand
this brand because this brand mean
racing so they liked right to race with
us and we like to race with them so
what's your goal time boys ah break the
record that's for sure
know that there is a swell all over the
race it's gonna be better let's say that
if we can go below nine would be would
be fun that see ya giving up another
motorcycle down at the car maybe one day
huh
what makes Pikes Peak such a special
races that it draws drivers from around
the world and one of the reasons for
that is the second oldest race in
America right after the Indy 500 550 is
very famous in French so we said a one
day to do it so at the free weekend yeah
and then instead of going holidays okay
we will go to buy speak to see how is
his famous wings and how is it you been
practicing is a scary as it seems a
movie or is it it's quite scary for you
and this good friend I mean the first
time for sure you have to learn it
somebody horsepower talking about the
car The Geysers hope we can say stop
Porsche it's 500 plus Oscar well but
atmospheric engine so no joke or so
happiness a little bit difficult for the
car but for the rest is the same guy you
can see it's a race like 24 waldemar
it's a completely stock car we just
change a little bit of downforce walk a
little bit on the gearbox ratio and
that's it so I wasn't here we're gonna
okay it's quite steep the guys why Steve
of course the car with the biggest crowd
around it is monster tajima when you
think about it electric car is a perfect
car for pike ste because it will get
about a dozen miles you don't need a lot
of range and most importantly you don't
have any power degradation like to do in
course deduction
the same amount of horsepower at the
bottom of the mountain as you do at the
top as always this is Roman reporting
for the fast lane car see you next time